Any day could be your last in the jungle
Get murdered on the humble, guns'll blast, niggas tumble
The corners is the hot spot, full of, criminals
Who don't care, guzzling beers, we all stare at the out-of-towners
They better break north before we get the four pounders
And take their face off the streets is real
Undercovers, homicide chasing brothers
The D.A.'s on the roof, trying to, watch us and lock us
Killer coppers, comin' through in helicopters
I drink a little vodka, spark a L and hold a Glock for
The fronters, wannabe ill niggas and spot runners
Thinking it can't happen til I, trap 'em and clap 'em
And leave 'em done, won't even run about
I don't believe in none of that shit, your facts are backwards
Nas is a rebel from the street corner
Pulling a Tec out the dresser, police got me under pressure
Represent, represent!
Yeah, they call me Nas, I'm not your legal type of fella
Moet drinking, marijuana smoking street dweller
Who's always on the corner, rolling up blessed
When I dress, it's never nothing less than Guess
Cold be walking with a bop and my hat turned back
Love committing sins and my friends sell crack
This nigga raps with a razor, keep it under my tongue
The school drop-out, never liked the shit from day one
Life ain't shit but stress fake niggas, crab stunts
I guzzle my Hennesey, pulling on mad blunts
The brutalizer, buddha sizer, accelerator
The type of brother who be pissing in your elevator
Ayo the rap game reminds me of the crack game
Used to sport Bally's and Gazelle's with black frames
Now I'm into fat chains, sex and Tecs
Fly new whips, new chicks, Heine's and Beck's, I represent
Represent, represent!
I represent y'all
See my, stacks are fat, this is what it's about
Before the BDP conflict with MC Shan
Around the time when Shante dissed the Real Roxxane
I used to chill up on the corner, hold the blunt
Every day's a different, had us running from cops
If it wasn't hanging out in front of cocaine spots
We was at the candy factory, breaking the locks
Nowadays, I need the cash in hand, like the next man
Fuck a yard God, let me see a hundred grand
Could use a gun Son, but fuck being the wanted man
But if I hit rock bottom I'ma be the Son of Sam
Then call the crew to get live too
With Swoop, Hakim, my brother Jungle, Big Bo, cooks up the blow
Mike'll chop it, Mayo, you count the profit
The shit is on the streets, this way the jakes'll never stop it
It's your brain on drugs, to all fly ladies and thugs
'Nuff respect to the projects, we ghost, One Love
Represent ya'll, represent!